adding deprecated flag (#1363)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added to the **update-release-notes** command automatic addition to git when new release notes file is created.
* Added validation to ensure that integrations, scripts, and playbooks do not contain the entity type in their names.
* Added the **convert** command to convert entities between XSOAR versions.

> * Added the `--deprecate` flag in **format** command to deprecate the integration/script/playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the *--deprecate* flag in **format** command to deprecate integrations, scripts, and playbooks.
```
